Chu Guohui
That old thing has long had the same nostril as you
Who knows if what he said is true or false?
Then you haven't thought about it
Why can I vent my anger with Chu Lao?
Yes
No wonder that old thing defends you so much
That dream, you are really Jie Shao
Don't listen to his nonsense
If he's really capable
I have to wait for Elder Chu to come over
Yes, if you are really so capable
You can call me Chu Lao
Let him make it clear to me if there is anything
OK
Don't play tricks, boy, press speakerphone
Hello, the use of your call is in your nest.
How did that happen?
Why can't the phone get through?
Little Miss
You have seen it. I said earlier that this kid is unreliable.
He dares to lie to you
Isn't this a dog's guts?
Are you not going to explain this now?
I don't know. Maybe I've had enough.
Miss Loss, you often waste so much time
You actually played tricks with me
So boring